{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red9\green80\blue208;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c41176\c85098;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17340\viewh14960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'97 Email 1 \'97 \
\
BIO 144 -- Data Analysis in Biology is a 4th semester mandatory course for the approx. 320 biology and biomedicine students. This is a great opportunity to impart to students the wonderful world of quantitative problem solving, in a large, interactive, and enjoyable class.\
\
The course will run every Thursday (for half the class) and Friday (for the other half), for 12 weeks (semester is 14 weeks, but two weeks involve holidays) in the spring semester 2017, from late February to early June. Each afternoon, from 1-5pm, will consist of about 2 hours of lecture (by. Dr Stefanie Muff) and then 2 hours of practical by Prof. Owen Petchey. TAs should be present for the whole 4 hour period. We will cover getting data, managing data, visualising data, summarising data, statistical analysis (mostly linear models, but also some other methods), and communicating results.\
\
TAs should have some experience of helping students (and ideally have attended training on how to help students) and a good knowledge of data analysis, statistical methods, and R.\
\
Briefing sessions before the course will introduce TAs to the material.\
\
The final exam will be in early June, and grading shortly thereafter, which TAs will be invited to help with.\
\
Teaching hours will count towards PhD programme requirements: One afternoon will count 5 hours (four hours in class, one hour preparation). Final exam grading hours will also be eligible.\
\
For continuity, any single TA must work on at least six afternoons, ideally a TA would work on both Thursday and Friday of any single week.\
\
Please contact Owen if you have questions.\
\
Please sign up for afternoons here.\
https://urpp-gcb.doodle.com/poll/yfkc2mce6uvmvraz\
You will be asked there for your email address and telephone (mobile please) number. You will be called only in urgent situations, for example if you don\'92t arrive at a class you signed up for. In return, TAs will get Owen\'92s number, in case he doesn\'92t turn up for class 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56832 
\f0 \
\
Thanks very much\
Owen\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:owen.petchey@ieu.uzh.ch"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 owen.petchey@ieu.uzh.ch}}
\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\'97 email 2 \'97\'97\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dear TAs for BIO144\
\
Thanks for volunteering to TA for BIO144. I and Steffi are really excited about the course, and though we still have a scary amount of the material to write, we are confident!\
\
There are a few things for you to do in preparation please.\
\
1. Please check the doodle and make any changes about when you want to and can TA. There is some imbalance across the weeks; if you can contribute to balance, please do.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://urpp-gcb.doodle.com/poll/yfkc2mce6uvmvraz"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://urpp-gcb.doodle.com/poll/yfkc2mce6uvmvraz}}\
\
2. All information about the course and material that can be put online, plus assessments, is gathered on the learning platform\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://openedx.mnf.uzh.ch/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 openedx.mnf.uzh.ch}}. Please register on this and let me know then. I will then invite you to be \'93beta tester\'94 of the course. This gives you early access to the course. (no action required from you on this point)\
\
3. You need to learn about the course material, and prepare yourself. We (I and Steffi) would also greatly benefit from having folk review the material we have so far prepared. So, please try to make time to review the material in the sections:\
- Important information\
- Expected competencies\
- Week 1\
- Week 2\
(It should be pretty self explanatory.)\
While doing this, please make a list of feedback (typos, errors, ideas, comments) and send this once you\'92ve worked through the material. Though if you find critical problems, that prevent you from reviewing the material, let me know immediately by email, so I can make a fix.\
It will take some time to work through this material. Please keep a track of your hours spent, so you can be credited these.\
\
4. Come to meet Steffi and I on 20th Jan at 10am in my cafe Brunnenhof. Its not mandatory and will be casual meet and greet. Feel free to bring questions though.\
\
5. Put in your diary a briefing meeting on Monday 13th Feb at 14.00 in 34-J-66.\'a0\
\
I think that\'92s all for now. Please excuse me if I don\'92t immediately reply to any emails you send me\'85 busy times\'85\
\
OK, I now try to add you as beta testers on the course, so you get that email invite.\
\
All the best\
Owen
\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\'97 email 3 \'97\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dear BIO144 TAs\
\
A few of had a nice chat this morning and a couple of things came up you might like to know.\
\
How do you know which afternoons you should TA on? Please come on the afternoons you indicated on the doodle. This means you can drop afternoons on the doodle \'97 BUT please don\'92t do that if the number of TAs is 5 or less. I.e. we\'92d like at least 5 TAs each afternoon (in addition to Steffi and I).\
\
There is a Discussion Forum on OpenEdx and we will strongly encourage the students to use it. It will need some attention from us, answering questions, moderating discussions, etc. If you like to do this, please do so, and keep track of your time doing so.\
\
That\'92s about it for now. Have a great weekend and see you on 13.2 at 14.00 in 34-J-52\
\
Owen}